Describe the difference between `!` and `?` in Ruby. And explain what would happen in the following scenarios:

1. what is `!=` and where should you use it?
2. put `!` before something, like `!user_name`
3. put `!` after something, like `words.uniq!`
4. put `?` before something
5. put `?` after something
6. put `!!` before something, like `!!user_name`

Solution:  
1) That is the "not equal to" operator. It can be used whenever you need to make a comparison and/or in a conditional.  

2) Putting `!` before something would mean you are using the "not" operator. This means return the opposite of the truthiness of the value.  

3) Putting `!` after something is not an inherent feature in Ruby syntax, this would be a naming convention. The convention of Ruby methods is that a `!` after the method name indicates the method is destructive/has side effects.  

4) Can't think of a scenario where we would put `?` before something.  

5) Putting `?` after something is also a naming convention, and not an inherent feature of Ruby syntax. Usually, we put `?` after a method name to signal the method returns a boolean value.  

6) Putting `!!` -- double "not" -- before a value would simply return the inherent truthiness of that value.


LS Solution:  
Just to clarify, if you see `!` or `?` at the end of the method, it's actually part of the method name, and not Ruby syntax. Therefore, you really don't know what the method is doing, even if it ends in those characters -- it depends on the method implementation. The other uses are actual Ruby syntax:
- `!=` means "not equals"
- `? :` is the ternary operator for if...else
- `!!<some object>` is used to turn any object into their boolean equivalent. (Try it in irb)
- `!<some object>` is used to turn any object into the opposite of their boolean equivalent, just like the above, but opposite.
